[Ciara] Hi. I'm Ciara Wyse.
My dad was in the Navy.
so I grew up all over. but. um.
I just moved to Boston
a week ago for-for my work.
I just don't know what you're up to.
[Ciara] People owe us
for what they put us through.
and I'm making them pay.
Don't you trust me?
No. I never have.
[dramatic music playing]
-How'd you sleep?
-Pretty good.
-What about you?
-I didn't.
I have problems in that department.
Excuse me. I'm Jane.
I saw you with Oliver.
He's not who you think he is.
[Oliver] Someone left me an envelope.
with my name on it.
Who do you think might have done that?
Any new friends?
[Oliver] Yes.
I know how lonely you are.
but don't you think it's more important
to protect yourself?
If the answer's yes.
break it off now.
Before you do something you'll regret.
[sirens wailing]
[Karl] Hey. you think you could.
uh. run this license plate number?
This guy hangs out down there.
-See if anybody knows anything about him.
-Will do.
Look what was by the bed.
Hmm. What do you think that is?
[Oliver] Am I falling for you too fast?
[Ciara] Yes.
And I'm gonna get you.
[beeping]
[haunting music playing]
[muffled voice]
[muffled. echoing] Oliver?
Oliver?
Hey. Oliver.
Oliver.
What is this?
[inhales sharply]
[sniffles] That's propofol.
I use it to sleep sometimes.
Well. do you use it to sleep all day?
Because it's almost 4:00.
Fuck.
[sighs]
Hey.
Where did you get it?
From a doctor.
Listen. what I have.
it isn't a normal kind of insomnia.
The hormones that are
supposed to tell my brain to shut down.
they don't do their job.
They call it a. um.
a dysregulated HPA axis.
Were you born with this?
No. it's caused by anxiety.
I've tried everything.
Um. meditation. acupuncture. yoga.
[laughs] None of it works.
And after three or four nights in a row.
I stop being able to tell what's...
real and what's not.
What are you so anxious about?
Everything. [chuckles]
Work. Life.
Regrets. Mistakes.
Like what?
I should call work.
[sighs]
Hey.
Hi. yeah.
[laughs] Sorry.
I was. um. I was on-site
at Roxbury all day.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
it's all... it's all going well.
I-I think you're gonna be really happy.
Yes.
Yeah. No. no. don't worry about that.
It's. um...
It's all good.
[muffled chatter continues]
[mysterious music playing]
♪ ♪
[Lee] Mr. Berhane. stop.
Mr. Berhane.
a violent crime occurred here.
I know you want to help.
Hey. talking to you won't help.
Your whole system is broken.
I just. I just...
Mr. Berhane. I just need to know.
the last time you saw him.
what did Oliver say to you?
You leave Ollie alone.
Mr. Berhane?
Mr. Berhane. why don't you... My-my...
You can thank me now.
I got something.
Oh. yeah? You think?
He just called Oliver Kennedy "Ollie."
He said. "Leave Ollie alone."
You got to be alive to be left alone.
And apparently. the last time
they saw each other.
Oliver had something
that he needed to tell him.
Like what?
"Hey. boss. I just killed my girlfriend"?
Yes. Exactly.
Okay. I don't know about you.
but I'm gonna take the win on this.
-You do that.
-[phone vibrating]
I'm gonna keep my bar higher.
Reardon.
We'll be there.
Go apply your. uh. impeccable standards
to the surveillance footage.
I'll meet you back at the tub.
[Oliver] So. uh. what time
do you get off work?
Uh. 5:00. but I have to stop at home
and get all my last couple things
that I need to bring over.
Do you want to stop and get a coffee?
Uh. I'd love to.
but the first three
will kick in any minute. [chuckles]
Actually. I was just thinking about this.
I. one time. had a contest
with a guy that I worked with
to see who could go the longest
without falling asleep.
And we had to text each other every hour
to make sure that the other one was awake.
So I was sleeping
for 59 minutes at a time.
and I figured that that's
what he was doing. too. right?
But then. I saw him two days later.
and I realized he was
keeping up his end of the deal
with the help of methamphetamine.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
What was your job?
Were you guys long-haul truckers?
Um. no. we worked at a place called Del's.
Del's Lemonade? In Rhode Island?
No. this one was on a base in Florida.
It was my sister's magical hangover cure.
It was their frozen lemonade
and four aspirin.
Who's that?
I have no idea.
[whispering] But she looks a little crazy.
Am I seeing you tonight?
Yeah.
7:00?
Yeah. see you then.
[quiet. suspenseful music playing]
[chuckles]
Stay away from me.
[elevator bell dings]
[door closes]
[Karl] Oh. fuck me.
There's a goblin in the lobby.
-And that's this morning?
-[Uno] Yeah.
5:29 a.m. When you pull the alarm.
it calls
the fire department automatically.
[Karl] Scary-looking dude.
We got any more of that?
[Uno] No. that's all we got
after he exits the lobby.
Okay. 5:12 to 5:29.
Email me that.
Uh. let's take it back to the garage.
Kevin Sullivan. that you?
Uh. hey. Detective.
I-I don't...
I don't want to get in your way.
Nah. Nah. In the way? Come on. Cut it out.
It's your office. Come in. man.
Take a look at this.
-What's up. Uno?
-How's it going?
Okay. so this parking spot
is assigned to apartment 11.
It's usually empty. but about a month ago.
someone started parking in it.
Is that him? Oliver Kennedy?
Yeah. I think so.
I'm surprised you remember his name.
Well. I just. I just saw his.
uh. his rental contract this morning.
Remember? I brought it to you.
Right. Yeah.
Man. who is this Oliver Kennedy with. man?
Anybody you know?
[Kevin] Mm-mm. Just looks like some girl.
Can you. can you.
uh. zoom in on the plate?
No. you can't do that.
That's the problem
with the security footage. It is shit.
Uno. let's. um.
let's show Kevin the lobby. all right?
Whoa.
Is that the killer?
Not necessarily.
That body was there for a long time.
You don't rot like that overnight.
Right.
You like to party. Kevin?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Yeah?
Not more than a normal person. but yeah.
Normal person.
Hey. ain't no judgment. man.
So do I. So do I.
Yeah. yeah. Oliver looks like a partier.
And-and-and you don't know him?
No.
No. I meet a lot of people.
but I-I don't think so.
You didn't meet him when you
passed him the keys to the place?
No. I didn't need to.
The-the corporate rentals.
they-they handle
all that stuff internally.
Mm.
[Uno] Um. there they are again.
Same girl.
[quiet. tense music playing]
♪ ♪
What are you doing tonight?
[Shyla over phone] Uh.
I am getting wasted. thank God.
I'm going to JJ's with Fritz.
Frank Fitzgerald?
Since when do you hang out with him?
I don't know. since randomly.
once in a while.
-What do you care?
-I don't.
-Mm. it sounds like you do.
-No. I don't.
I just think it's a little weird
to hang out
with your dead brother's friend.
I think it would make me sad.
Do you remember
his Future Farmers of America sweatshirt?
Oh. yeah. Yeah. he used to wear it
to be ironic.
Hey. Do you still have it?
Yeah.
Yeah. But I wear it to be warm.
-Yeah. you are classy like that.
-[laughs softly]
What are you doing tonight?
-Stripping at Silhouettes?
-[laughs]
No. sorry.
But if I was. I think they'd give me
the Tuesday lunch shift.
Yeah. well. that's not gonna
cover the mortgage. now. is it?
That's. um...
that's not how I'm getting the money.
Okay.
What?
I mean it. Megan. tell me right now.
You're scaring me.
I think...
I may have access to some funds.
What funds?
From the St. Ledger corporation.
-Hey.
-Geez. Fuck.
-[laughs]
-[man] You definitely do.
Megan. what do you.
what do you mean. "access"?
What are you. a hacker now?
Well. I mean. come on.
everyone's a hacker now.
I mean. especially when you work
for a cloud service.
It's-it's just all kind of...
-right there. you know?
-Wait. Wait. wait. wait.
Oh. my God. That's...
That's what you meant.
You told Mom that people owe us.
You meant... you meant Oliver St. Ledger.
Yeah. She wasn't
supposed to tell you that.
[eerie music playing]
Please. just don't worry about a thing.
Don't worry? It's...
Megan?
Don't do anything stupid. okay?
I won't.
I promise.
The Beacon Hill location
is outside the floodplain now.
but thanks to climate change.
that won't be the case by 2030.
If you want to maintain
your lower-level safe deposit vault.
I would avoid flow openings.
This is your best choice.
And I would advise against putting
a 200-year-old granite structure
up on stilts. but...
-the client is always right.
-[soft laughter]
I want the whole thing
floating up in the air.
-[laughter]
-Well. if anyone could accomplish it.
Oliver would be your man.
Thank you.
-[banker] Thank you.
-You won't be disappointed.
Hell yeah.
[both laugh]
The way you own a room.
in the heat of the moment.
it reminds me of your dad.
He did the same thing.
Hits me every time.
Good job.
[phone vibrating]
Hey. Hey.
Can I give you a call back?
I'm just on the other line.
[Oliver over phone] Uh. no need.
I'm downstairs in the lobby.
You get off work now. right?
The lobby? Where?
Uh. your building?
I got off work early.
My boss loaned me his car to help
-with your move.
-Oh. amazing.
Um. can you just give me 15 minutes?
I'm just running a little bit behind.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. no-no rush.
I'll be here. [laughs softly]
Bye.
Fuck. fuck.
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
Okay. [exhales sharply]
[security guard] Can I help you. sir?
Uh. I'm just waiting for my girlfriend.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[grunts]
Sorry.
♪ ♪
Oh! So sorry.
[elevator bell dings]
Whoop. Hi.
Sorry. [grunts]
Oh. my... Hey.
Are you. are you okay?
Ah. fuck... Yeah.
-I'm okay.
-Are you hurt? You look like you got hurt.
[Ciara panting]
[Ciara] No. no. no. I'm...
I just feel like an idiot.
I have these cheap fucking shoes.
I'm so embarrassed.
I don't know. I-I think...
I-I... yep. you're going into shock.
Oh. my God. everybody check your shoes!
-[shushes] What are you doing?
-[whispers] Saving you.
This shoe has exploded!
-[laughter]
-[Ciara] No. it's... they're just cheap.
No. no. no. It's an epidemic.
and we're gonna get out of here...
-Okay. Okay.
-before another shoe explodes.
-It's an epidemic.
it's spreading across the city!
-[squeals]
Everybody stand back.
It's a fucking conspiracy!
[Ciara] I'm saved. Whoo!
-[laughs]
-This way. this way.
This way. [shouting]
[horn honks]
[both laugh]
♪ ♪
This car is beautiful.
How many miles are on it?
Seven hundred and twenty-six.
[stifled laugh]
And your boss just let you borrow it?
Elliot does more for me than I deserve.
He and my father went
to Princeton together. and. um...
I think he had feelings
that went beyond friendship.
My father willfully ignored it.
but I don't know.
sometimes I think Elliot gets sentimental
for what never happened.
That's kind of sad.
Not really. He's happy now.
Plus. he's got three cars.
This is just one.
[stifled laugh]
Do you know that my whole family
shares one 12-year-old Subaru
with 200.000 miles on it?
[laughs softly]
We come from very different worlds.
It doesn't matter now.
You're never going back.
What are you thinking?
I'm just thinking about
what you did back there.
-[laughs]
-[chuckles]
My God.
Like. who are you?
Who do you think I am?
I don't know.
A guy who hates shoes.
[seat belt clicks]
♪ I would die for you...
And these.
♪ I would die for you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You're just a sinner. I am told ♪
♪ Be your fire when you're cold ♪
♪ Make you happy when you're sad ♪
♪ Make you good when you are bad ♪
♪ I'm not a human. I am a dove ♪
♪ I'm your conscience. I am love ♪
♪ All I really need ♪
♪ Is to know that you believe ♪
♪ Yeah. I would die for you ♪♪
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Am I good to go with this stuff?
Uh. no.
Give me a minute. What is that?
Silver stud. maybe four-millimeter.
We found it in the bathtub.
Is there anything else from the tub
that would indicate sex?
Uh...
Ring. bracelet. tampon. hair tie?
Not that I can tell.
What's "Organic Panic"?
"Organic Panic psilocybin candy bars
take the chocolate experience
to new heights."
-Hmm.
-[phone vibrates]
[line ringing]
[Karl over phone] You get
what I just sent you?
Yes. I'm surprised.
I thought the. I don't know.
a ten-year-old brat pulled that alarm.
This feels connected.
Like the killer coming back to the scene?
Either that or...
coconspirator.
involved with the perp or the victim.
sexually or... druggily?
I'll lock down the lobby.
Oh. and we just found
a little silver-colored stud earring
in the bathtub.
-Like. for a baby?
-Like. for the body.
But I do like a cute baby
with pierced ears.
You could have one.
-if you ever got laid.
-I don't want one.
but even if I did.
the "laid" part is no longer necessary
-because science...
-[wheels rolling]
Hey. can you stay right there?
I'm not done yet. Jesus Christ.
Well. actually. science told me
that it likes fucking.
Matter of fact. science invented it.
Ugh. can you just get back here?
CSR's trying to pack up my evidence.
All right. one second. One last text.
No. stop texting. I got to go.
Hey.
-Lock up the lobby.
-On it.
[phone vibrates]
[haunting music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[phone vibrating]
Reardon.
[Cami] How's it going. Lee?
It's going.
Body sent to autopsy.
I have a feeling we'll be sorting
a lot of tips when it hits the news.
Ugh. This case is too cute.
That fancy building
and all those tech kids out there
Instagramming in those baggy jammie pants.
It's not good.
And now I got a call
from some big dick litigator.
says he works for a guy
named Elliot Berhane.
[chuckles] Oh. are you serious? Okay.
We spoke to him a few hours ago.
and he gave us some pushback.
I mean. his firm owns the apartment
where we found the victim.
Did Connolly intimidate this guy?
No. He was just being Connolly.
Eh. Right.
Anyway. none of this is why I'm calling.
I'm calling about a guy
goes by "Linus Finch."
Yeah. Low-level drug dealer
with aspirations.
I met him on a...
on a tip today.
but I'm pretty sure he's...
not our guy. Why?
Connolly passed along his plate.
It turns out Vice is tracking him
for that drug ring down at the university.
You don't know him?
No.
Then why am I looking at a picture of him
riding shotgun in your car last month?
Maybe I brought him in
for questioning at some point...
You think about it.
Anything I need to know.
it's best I hear it from you.
-Wrap it up down there.
-Yes. ma'am.
Fuck.
[exhales]
[sighs]
[exhales slowly]
[keys jingling]
-[Ciara laughs]
-[Oliver] Sorry. am I in the way?
[laughing]
Okay. so what do you think?
Should we adopt a cat
or is it straight to kids. or what?
Mm. no. I'm really more of a dog person.
I find that very surprising.
[exhales]
Are you sure that you're okay with this?
Because I know this is a lot.
Your stuff? No. you need it.
And the room's empty.
It's literally nothing.
No. Not my stuff. the...
this. all of this.
The "us."
I know it's only a couple weeks. but...
is it crazy?
[chuckles softly]
I really don't know
what that word means anymore.
Okay.
How about you relax and...
I can make us something easy for dinner?
-No.
-No?
You're my guest. I'll cook for you. Go.
-Sort your room out.
-Okay.
-With mayo. right?
-With mayo.
[water trickling]
[quiet. mysterious music playing]
♪ ♪
[sizzling]
[keys jingling]
[door closes]
[sighs]
♪ ♪
[line ringing]
[breathing heavily]
[sizzling]
Fuck me.
-Ah.
-[hissing]
[Ciara] What happened?
[sighs] Nothing.
Let's get Thai food.
[Oliver grunts]
[♪ Yves Tumor: "God Is a Circle"]
♪ Sometimes it feels like ♪
♪ There's places in my mind
that I can't go ♪
♪ There's people in my life
I still don't know ♪
♪ Yeah. wander round.
I just feel like a ghost in a well ♪
-♪ Knowing you ♪
-[breathing deeply]
♪ You might hurt someone ♪
♪ Or yourself ♪
♪ You would tear sometimes ♪
♪ I wake up ♪
♪ I feel like I'm florescent ♪
♪ Holding you ♪
♪ Whole time ♪
♪ It felt like someone else ♪
♪ Was looking up at me
like I was a newborn baby ♪
♪ Everything around us feels unclean ♪
♪ My mama said that God sees everything ♪
♪ My daddy always taught me
to say thank you ♪
♪ Yes. ma'am. and no. sir ♪
♪ Yes. please ♪
♪ Lay down. can we please? ♪
♪ Silence is what I need ♪
♪ Can we bury the hatchet? ♪
♪ I can't help myself ♪
♪ Silence is what I need ♪
♪ Flawless lover. delicate ♪♪
[turn signal clicking]
[uneasy music playing]
♪ ♪
[Oliver panting]
[panting]
[abrupt silence]
[Dan] So. tell me what's going on.
Um...
I'm out of propofol.
I didn't sleep last night. or...
the night before that.
or the night before that.
Eh...
You're burning through
the medication too fast.
It's the only thing that helps.
What do you think
has made sleep harder lately?
I got another envelope.
This one. it. uh...
It said "Ollie St. Ledger."
and a phone number.
So. I called it. [scoffs]
But. uh. I hung up after one ring.
You still seeing that woman we discussed?
No. No. she. uh...
We're so different
it was never gonna work out.
But I am telling you. someone knows
who I am and they're stalking me.
So don't take the bait.
You just throw it away.
Hey. any change in your mood
with those microdose bars?
-No.
-Well. I want you to try these.
They have a higher dose of psilocybin.
So. start with just half a square.
You get your anxiety under better control.
your sleep will improve.
Listen. I appreciate you
seeing me this early. so...
Sit down. Oliver. we're not done.
-You seem agitated.
-Yeah. no shit.
[paper bag rustles]
I. uh. I could swear that...
someone was following me.
This morning. on my way here.
It was a woman. she had red hair.
She was driving a blue car.
You know who that sounds like. don't you?
What are you implying?
My ex?
And now I just see women from my past
everywhere I go?
That. uh. I'm so obsessed with my mistakes
that they drive beside me
on the freeway in a Fiat?
I'm not the stalker here.
I'm the victim.
[eerie music playing]
Someone has identified me.
And they're targeting me.
And it is not my imagination.
It is real.
And it is happening to me.
♪ ♪
[Ciara exhales softly]
[closes cabinet]
[representative] The name on the account?
[Ciara] Starman. Inc.
It is a corporate trust that I opened
for my son. Oliver St. Ledger.
-You're Chickie St. Ledger?
-Yes.
-Your maiden name?
-Trivedi.
Address?
Well. the mailing address is Boston
but the account may still be linked
to the house on 344 Dutch Neck Road?
And tax I.D.?
Or his Social will work.
987-65-4328.
Okay. How can I help you?
I would like to transfer $10.000
from this account to a personal checking.
Okay. Let me check something here.
Hmm. Oh. I'm sorry. ma'am.
you can't access these funds
until this matures in April of next year.
I thought it was this past April.
Can I pay a penalty?
Mm. I'm afraid not.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. thank you.
-Would you be interested...
-No. Bye.
Fuck.
[haunting music playing]
Where's Connolly?
[Cami] Linus Finch. You know him?
Uh. I know Lee was
talking to him this morning.
He's a local dealer down at Seaport.
She said she met him off a tip.
I don't think so.
Vice snagged a picture
of the two of them last month.
meeting in the parking lot
at the fucking zoo.
What else do you got on him?
Thirty-three. on probation since doing
a nickel in Souza. opioid trafficking.
Apparently. he comes from money.
but the first time
he was busted with blow.
his parents sent him
to one of those reform schools
where you eat bugs in the desert
rather than read books.
So this is what they got.
Uh. yes. There's-there's got to be
an explanation.
I asked.
She didn't offer it.
-And yes. it's her car.
-I know.
I see the tape on the side mirror.
I didn't push it too hard.
but I'm pretty sure she was lying to me.
Let's hope she won't lie to you.
[pensive music playing]
[panting]
♪ ♪
Maybe this time you will learn.
[phone vibrates]
[line ringing]
-[boy shrieks]
-Quiet. baby.
[boy laughs]
[representative] J.P. Morgan.
how may I help you?
Hi. I just received a text
to rate your customer service.
but I haven't called lately.
Um. yeah. I just want to make sure
I'm not getting hacked by the Russians.
I understand. ma'am.
May I please have your name?
Chickie St. Ledger.
[pulsing music playing]
[elevator bell dings]
-Hey.
Oh. uh. Kevin. right?
You showed me the apartment.
Oliver Kennedy.
Oh. yeah. Oliver. I remember.
You work for KB.
-Yeah.
-How's the place working out?
It's great. I love it.
-Good.
-See you around.
Yeah. man.
[clears throat]
[keypad beeping]
[gasps] Oh. my God.
-You scared me.
-What are you doing?
That's so crazy.
I didn't even hear you come in.
[haunting music playing]
[shower running]
[indistinct radio chatter]
-Where have you...
-[Karl] What's going on. Lee?
Where did you get this?
Got it from Russo.
who got it from Vice after your ass
was found on the wrong end of a long lens
with that motherfucker sitting in my seat.
Who is he?
That's the guy from this morning. right?
Tell me.
I can't.
Listen. I don't want to lie
to you. and. uh...
but I-I have been for a long time
and I need you to let me do it
a little bit longer
because. um...
because you're never gonna forgive me
when you know the truth. so...
I don't know
how I can live like that. so...
[sighs]
Wait a minute.
Jesus. Leez. How bad is it?
It's really bad.
Yeah.
So bad that when you quit
your job and you leave...
I'm never gonna see you again.
-[sighs]
-No. No.
Please. Karl. um...
Can you just give me one more day?
We have to get through today. so...
[sighs] Yeah.
I. um...
I went to the. uh. junk mail bin.
And I found this guy.
Ollie St. Ledger.
Oliver St. Ledger. That's his name.
Yeah? And. um...
his propofol was stolen
from a. from a hospital somewhere.
What was the name of it?
What's the name of the hospital?
Karl. what was the name of it?
The propofol.
I don't know. County East.
County East.
It's in Narragansett. Okay.
This is it.
This is him.
[♪ The Last Dinner Party: "Mirror"]
Oliver St. Ledger. son of billionaire
venture capitalist Caspar St. Ledger.
Age 33. From Narragansett. Rhode Island.
♪ And my lips turn blue ♪
♪ If I drown...
Disappeared after dodging arrest
for first-degree murder.
Known by several aliases.
he's sometimes referred to
as the Narrow River Killer.
♪ I don't exist without your gaze ♪
♪ I fade away ♪
[pants]
[Ciara gasps]
♪ I'm on the hunt for something ♪
♪ Want my pound of flеsh? ♪
♪ Is it in this city? ♪
♪ Is it in your bed? ♪
♪ Crawl out with the sunrise.
no one else is to blame ♪
♪ I'll leave you flowers.
but not my name ♪
♪ 'Cause lately I've been drinking ♪
♪ I need to stop my thinking ♪
♪ Tell me how you're feeling ♪
♪ I'll reflect the reason ♪
♪ When I drown will I get very far? ♪
♪ When you drown.
they'll forget who you are ♪
♪ I'm just a mirror ♪
♪ Break my glass to fix your heart ♪
♪ Pretty glass. an empty heart ♪
♪ I'm just a mirror ♪
♪ I don't exist without your gaze ♪♪